Add drop_privileges_user for fork()ed processes (#634)
greenbone/openvas: CHANGELOG.md

- Add get_tcp_option and extend dump_tcp_packet nasl functions. [#621](https://github.com/greenbone/openvas/pull/621)
- Add nasl function to get the scan main kb index. [#628](https://github.com/greenbone/openvas/pull/628)
- Add new scanner only option to enable the table driven lsc. [#632](https://github.com/greenbone/openvas/pull/632)

> - Add new scanner only option for spawinng processes with a different owner. [#634](https://github.com/greenbone/openvas/pull/634)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add new scanner only option for spawning NASL functions with a different owner. [#634](https://github.com/greenbone/openvas/pull/634)
```
